About Me:
Welcome! I&#39;m Sway!

I'm a Full Time Content Creator as of June 2021. I stream nearly daily on Twitch, with daily uploads on YouTube. You can also find me on TikTok, Twitter, Threads, Facebook, and Instagram!

Did I ever imagine this would be my lifestyle, even five years ago?
Nope.

Do I love it?
Entirely! 

I create family friendly entertainment centered around the concepts of positive mental attitude in gaming with the mantra of leaving someone's day better than I found it. 

My favorite part of streaming is my amazing community. You can find our Discord as you explore the website, but it's a very safe, inclusive, supportive, and kind community that we have cultivated that I feel incredibly lucky to have in my chat as I stream.

In addition to our amazing community, I am primarily a Hearthstone streamer, with a focus on Battlegrounds. I also personally enjoy Strategy games in general, Survival games, Indie games, Simulator games, and Sonic, the Hedgehog. 

As far as Hearthstone goes, few notable accolades include:
3rd place in Blizzard's Hearthstone Battle of the Boars Tournament (May 2021)
Casting the Gaming Arena Hearthstone Constructed Tournament (June 2021)
Casting and Hosting multiple Dreamhack Community Clash tournaments Throughout 2021 and 2022.
Casting for 4 series of Super Girl Gamer Pro so far.
Multiple Battle.net Launcher Features for featured streams or YouTube videos created for Hearthstone. 
Producing, hosting, and casting one of the earliest, largest tournaments for Hearthstone Battlegrounds, with almost 100 participants!

If you'd like to work with me, I'd love to hear from you! You can use the Business Inquiries tab above!

As I often say, thank you for being a part of my journey, and allowing me to be a part of yours!

Enjoy exploring!

xoxo,
Sway Bae

**Notes for Ethan:
The very first sentence "Welcome, I'm Sway!" can that go at the top of the box as a header instead of about me?
Can you make the bolded sentence at the end a little bit larger?
I'm undecided about the xoxo, Sway Bae thing at the end, but also I've consistently branded that way and it feels like gossip girl and I really like it and think it puts a nice button on it but if it's on the website I usually use a handwriting cursive font for that to make it look like a sign off